README.md, before:

# FPGA "IA Journy" game
[![Preview Screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/itpcc/FPGA-IA-Journy-game/master/V_Full.gif)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7jXSADHg5FA)

Verilog code for very simple gun(music note)-shooting game by button and VGA screen.

This programs is for CPE223 Digital system design, KMUTT.

[Youtube demo video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7jXSADHg5FA)

## Project member

1. Mr. Rachasak Ragkamnerd 57070501075
2. Mr. Suttiwat Songboonkaew 57070501079

[CPE KMUTT](http://cpe.kmutt.ac.th)

## How to use Verilog file

1. Install [Xilinx ISE](http://www.xilinx.com/support/download/index.html/content/xilinx/en/downloadNav/design-tools.html).
2. Create new project,
3. Set `vgagame.v` as top module.
..- Dont forget to add another `.v` files into project.
4. Configure pin network. (see `net.ucf` which used for APEX FPGA Discovery-III XC3S200 for example)
5. Implement project into binary file.
6. Upload binary file into FPGA board.
7. Connect VGA breakout to board. (see [VGA Pong project](http://www.fpga4fun.com/PongGame.html) for wiring and creating instruction.)
8. Initial program
9. Enjoy!

## image2verilog-*.py

![Example using those script: left--Scrpit console, middle--module code result, top right--original image, bottom right--expected output image](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/itpcc/FPGA-IA-Journy-game/master/image2verilog-example.png "Example screenshot using those script")

Those `image2verilog-[type].py`	are Python 2.7 script for generating 3-bits RGB image drawing module. (Maybe) easy to use!

### 5 step to use

1. run `py image2verilog-[type].py` (`color` -- color and separate command in each pixel, `bw` -- black white and group same color, colorgroup -- same as `bw` but 3-bits RGB) (Don't forget to install Python 2.7, PILlow, and tkFileDialog first!)
2. Choose input image (Typical image format which supported by Python PIL)
3. Name output filename. (You can use `{w}` for image width and `{h}` for image height.)
4. Name output module name.
5. Wait and see! :v

Commit message:

Add how-it-work blog article link

README.md, after:

# FPGA "IA Journy" game
[![Preview Screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/itpcc/FPGA-IA-Journy-game/master/V_Full.gif)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7jXSADHg5FA)

Verilog code for very simple gun(music note)-shooting game by button and VGA screen.

This programs is for CPE223 Digital system design, KMUTT.

[Youtube demo video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7jXSADHg5FA)

## Project member

1. Mr. Rachasak Ragkamnerd 57070501075
2. Mr. Suttiwat Songboonkaew 57070501079

[CPE KMUTT](http://cpe.kmutt.ac.th)

## How to use Verilog file

1. Install [Xilinx ISE](http://www.xilinx.com/support/download/index.html/content/xilinx/en/downloadNav/design-tools.html).
2. Create new project,
3. Set `vgagame.v` as top module.
..- Dont forget to add another `.v` files into project.
4. Configure pin network. (see `net.ucf` which used for APEX FPGA Discovery-III XC3S200 for example)
5. Implement project into binary file.
6. Upload binary file into FPGA board.
7. Connect VGA breakout to board. (see [VGA Pong project](http://www.fpga4fun.com/PongGame.html) for wiring and creating instruction.)
8. Initial program
9. Enjoy!

## image2verilog-*.py

![Example using those script: left--Scrpit console, middle--module code result, top right--original image, bottom right--expected output image](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/itpcc/FPGA-IA-Journy-game/master/image2verilog-example.png "Example screenshot using those script")

Those `image2verilog-[type].py`	are Python 2.7 script for generating 3-bits RGB image drawing module. (Maybe) easy to use!

[Read how-it-work blog article here! (in Thai)](https://www.itpcc.net/tip-and-technic/python/python-get-pixel-color-from-image-by-pillow/)

### 5 step to use

1. run `py image2verilog-[type].py` (`color` -- color and separate command in each pixel, `bw` -- black white and group same color, colorgroup -- same as `bw` but 3-bits RGB) (Don't forget to install Python 2.7, PILlow, and tkFileDialog first!)
2. Choose input image (Typical image format which supported by Python PIL)
3. Name output filename. (You can use `{w}` for image width and `{h}` for image height.)
4. Name output module name.
5. Wait and see! :v
